<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Constant</td>
        <td>Description</td>
        <td>Default</td>
    </tr>
 <tr><td> kaptcha.border </td><td> Border around kaptcha. Legal values are yes or no. </td><td> yes </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.border.color </td><td> Color of the border. Legal values are r,g,b (and optional alpha) or white,black,blue. </td><td> black </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.border.thickness </td><td> Thickness of the border around kaptcha. Legal values are > 0. </td><td> 1 </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.image.width </td><td> Width in pixels of the kaptcha image. </td><td> 200 </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.image.height </td><td> Height in pixels of the kaptcha image. </td><td> 50 </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.producer.impl </td><td> The image producer. </td><td> com.google.code.kaptcha.impl.DefaultKaptcha </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.textproducer.impl </td><td> The text producer. </td><td> com.google.code.kaptcha.text.impl.DefaultTextCreator </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.textproducer.char.string </td><td> The characters that will create the kaptcha. </td><td> abcde2345678gfynmnpwx </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.textproducer.char.length </td><td> The number of characters to display. </td><td> 5 </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.textproducer.font.names </td><td> A list of comma separated font names. </td><td> Arial, Courier </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.textproducer.font.size </td><td> The size of the font to use. </td><td> 40px. </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.textproducer.font.color </td><td> The color to use for the font. Legal values are r,g,b. </td><td> black </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.textproducer.char.space </td><td> The space between the characters </td><td> 2 </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.noise.impl </td><td> The noise producer. </td><td> com.google.code.kaptcha.impl.DefaultNoise </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.noise.color </td><td> The noise color. Legal values are r,g,b. </td><td> black </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.obscurificator.impl </td><td> The obscurificator implementation. </td><td> com.google.code.kaptcha.impl.WaterRipple </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.background.impl </td><td> The background implementation. </td><td> com.google.code.kaptcha.impl.DefaultBackground </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.background.clear.from </td><td> Starting background color. Legal values are r,g,b. </td><td> light grey </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.background.clear.to </td><td> Ending background color. Legal values are r,g,b. </td><td> white </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.word.impl </td><td> The word renderer implementation. </td><td> com.google.code.kaptcha.text.impl.DefaultWordRenderer </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.session.key </td><td> The value for the kaptcha is generated and is put into the HttpSession. This is the key value for that item in the session. </td><td> KAPTCHA_SESSION_KEY </td></tr><td> </td></tr><td> kaptcha.session.date </td><td> The date the kaptcha is generated is put into the HttpSession. This is the key value for that item in the session. </td><td> KAPTCHA_SESSION_DATE </td></tr>
</table>
